DOCS-9182: DBM RDS onboarding workflow (#26158)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_rds_quick_install.md

---
title: Database Monitoring Quick Install for Postgres RDS
further_reading:
- link: "/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Setting up Postgres"
- link: "/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/rds"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Setting Up Database Monitoring for Amazon RDS managed Postgres"
---

> Database Monitoring Quick Install for RDS enables you to quickly set up Agents to monitor your RDS Postgres instances. After specifying a few options, Datadog generates a CloudFormation template that configures your instance for monitoring and uses AWS ECS to deploy the Agent with recommended DBM configurations to the RDS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database Monitoring Quick Install for RDS enables you to quickly set up Agents to monitor your RDS Postgres instances. After you specify a few options, Datadog generates a CloudFormation template that configures your instance for monitoring, and uses Amazon ECS to deploy the Agent to the RDS instance with recommended DBM configurations.
```
